[CHA 826] document retry policy (#949)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.md

Our delivery engine will try to deliver events as fast as possible but will adapt the throughput within the limits described in this section.

> If your subscription has an HTTPS destination, please respond with `429 Too Many Requests` when your system is slightly overloaded: this way, the delivery engine will slow down, retry undelivered events, and gradually increase the throughput when your system gets back to recovers (i.e., when it responds `200 OK` again).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your subscription has an HTTPS destination, please respond with `429 Too Many Requests` when your system is overloaded: this way, the delivery engine will slow down, retry undelivered events, and gradually increase the throughput when your system gets back to recovers (i.e., when it responds `200 OK` again).
```

> The default delivery rate is 10 messages per second. Our system can increase the rate up to a maximum of 100 messages per second, or reduce it to as low as 1 message every 5 seconds. Please note that if the rate drops to 1 message every 5 seconds, the suspension policy will be triggered ([see bellow](/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.html#suspension-policy.html)).

Reviewer: On explique vraiment tout ça en détail ? C'est des valeurs qui sont susceptibles de changer, pour moi, on dit juste qu'on va plus ou moins vite mais qui c'est trop lent c'est kapoutage de la subscription

Author: j'ai pas eu le temps de mettre un commentaire pour aborder ce point :D 
on peut se contenter de 
`Please note that if the delivery rate drops too significantly, the suspension policy will be triggered ([see bellow](/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.html#suspension-policy.html)).`

Reviewer: Yup imo pas de valeur en message/s etc car en vrai on peu pas garantir que ça serra la cas ou qu'on va pas changer

Under normal circumstances, your HTTPS endpoint must handle the event as fast as possible.
**Our recommendation** is to put the message in a `queuing system` or in a `database` for asynchronous processing.

### Retry policy for transient failures

Our retry policy helps ensure event delivery during transient failures, allowing for multiple attempts to deliver messages when temporary issues arise. The retry back-off mechanism is managed internally and is not configurable on a per-tenant basis.

If your destination is unable to ingest an event, we will retry deliver as follow:
 - First retry: 5 minutes after the previous attempt.
 - Second retry: 10 minutes after the previous attempt.
 - Third retry: 20 minutes after the previous attempt.

These retries are on a best-effort basis and apply only to transient errors or timeouts. After **three retry attempts**, the message is dropped.

> This type of failure may triggers the suspension policy ([see bellow](/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.html#suspension-policy.html)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This type of failure may trigger the suspension policy ([see bellow](/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.html#suspension-policy.html)).
```

Author: y'a pas de s après un may ?

Reviewer 2: Nope, pas de "s" après un verbe modal du genre "may" ou "should", il faut mettre la forme basique du verbe :stuck_out_tongue:

Author: j'aurai appris un truc :)

### Suspension policy

Our system enforces a strict suspension policy to ensure the integrity and reliability of event delivery. We distinguish two types of suspension conditions: criteria-based suspensions and threshold-based suspensions.

#### Criteria-Based Suspensions:

> In these cases, your subscription is immediately suspended if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your subscription is immediately suspended if you meet one of these conditions:
```

- Your HTTPS endpoint responds with a `404 Not Found` HTTP status.
- Your HTTPS endpoint responds with `3xx Redirection` HTTP statuses, as we do not support redirections.
- We're not authorized to publish message in your Google Cloud Topic.

#### Threshold-Based Suspension:

This type of suspension is based on the success rate of your HTTPS endpoint. If the success rate drops below 95% within the last rolling hour, your subscription will be suspended.

> Here are the errors type that decrease the success rate:
> 
> The following error types contribute to the drop in success rate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following error types decrease the success rate:
```

- `5XX Server Error` HTTP statuses
- `429 Too Many Requests` http statuses (while the minimum rate threshold is exceeded)

> When the platform suspends your subscription, a notification will be sent to the technical email address you provided, along with contextual information about the suspension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the platform suspends your subscription, a notification will be sent to your provided technical email address, including detailed information about the suspension.
```
